{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red64\green64\blue64;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww4980\viewh11380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri-1440\sb40\sa40
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 1.	Dixie Original Lager
\b0 - An American icon. Uniquely formulated and brewed to meet the demand for a quality brew which could be generously consumed, but still leave room for the spiced foods which are synonymous with Creole and Cajun cooking.  Dixie Lager uses lightly roasted two row barely malts, rice, and Cascade hops; the result is a crisp and flavorful beer.  A century of New Orleans\'92 brewing tradition lives today in every bottle of Dixie.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri-1440\sb40\sa40
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri-1440\sb40\sa40
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf0 2.	Dixie Jazz Amber Light- 
\b0 At only 92 calories and 3.1g of carbohydrates, this award winning beer, developed by the late world-renowned Father of Light Beer, Dr. Joseph Owades, retains the taste and character of full bodied lager, making this a truly unique amber beer.  It is the result of a challenge to produce a superior tasting, super premium light beer.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1440\sb40\sa40
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri-1440\sb40\sa40
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 3.	Dixie Blackened Voodoo Lager-
\b0 \cf2  Inspired by the Great German dark lager beers, only the best of dark roasted barley malts were used to create this darkly rich and very malty flavor.  With perfectly balanced Mt. Hood and Cascade hops and slow, cold lagering, there is a touch of magical spirit, deep color, and bewitching character to this unique and mysterious brew.
\b \cf0 \
}